docs: update the badge documentation at faststore.dev (#1227)
vtex/faststore: docs/docs/reference/ui/atoms/Badge.mdx

> import PropsSection from "@site/src/components/PropsSection/PropsSection";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
description: Status descriptors used to highlight relevant content.
keywords:
  - UI library
  - ecommerce
  - react
---

import PropsSection from "@site/src/components/PropsSection/PropsSection";
```

Reviewer: Tags para SEO

> Badges are status descriptors used to highlight a relevant content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Badges are status descriptors used to highlight relevant content.
```

## Usage

```tsx live
 <Badge>-25%</Badge>
```
### Use cases

> - On-sale products.
> - Product features, for example `vegan` or `cruelty-free`.
> - Product status, for example `new`,`only 1 left` and `back in stock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Badge component to hightlight:

- Promotional discounts.
- Product features (e.g., `vegan` or `cruelty-free`).
- Product availability status (e.g., `NEW`,`ONLY 1 LEFT` and `OUT OF STOCK`).
```

## Customization

`data-store-badge`

## Best practices

> ### Do's
> - Write clear and short texts.
> - Place the badge next to or on top of the product related to the badge.
> - Use a color palette to establish the relevance and status of the product and get the users' attention.
> 
> ### Don'ts
> - Avoid placing badges next to buttons. Although they look similar, a badge is not as interactive as a button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Do's

- Place the badge next to or on top of its related item.
- Be cautious about the badge's positioning, writing, shape, and color to avoid any confusion with components similar in appearance.

### Don'ts

- Don't use long texts in badges. A reasonable character limit is 15.
- Don't label badges with active verbs.
- Don't use color alone to convey information. If color is needed to convey meaning, ensure there is a text alternative for that meaning as well.
- Don't place badges next to buttons. Although badges and buttons are similar in appearance, badges are not interactive and may confuse users if not used in the proper context.
```

## Accessibility

> - [`id` attribute](https://dequeuniversity.com/rules/axe/4.3/duplicate-id?application=axeAPI) value must be unique.
> - Text elements must have [sufficient color contrast](https://dequeuniversity.com/rules/axe/4.3/color-contrast?application=axeAPI) between the text and the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id` attribute value must be unique.
- Text elements must have sufficient color contrast against the background.
```

Reviewer: Não é recomendável o uso de hyperlinks para páginas externas, pois este é um conteúdo fora do nosso controle que pode vir a ficar fora do ar, etc.
